v0.1.0 Release Notes
====================

Version `v0.1.0` is a first PoC implementation of `Hub-of-Hubs` concept, where a hierarchy of hubs is used in order to implement a scalable version of RHACM suitable for far edge use cases.
This PoC is built using a multi-level management architecture with Managed Clusters (MCs), Leaf Hubs (LHs) and a Hub-of-Hubs (HoH).

This version should not be used in production.

Goals and Scope
---------------

The main goal of the PoC is to evaluate a HoH implementation that has the following properties:

* The HoH can manage 100Ks MCs with 100s of LHs.
* The HoH provides an experience of managing and observing the managed clusters with the LHs being transparent.
* Control over the information that is delivered and stored in the HoH per MC.
* Similar user experience at the HoH and LHs.

To achieve these goals the PoC departs from the fully Kubernetes native approach of RHACM and takes a custom-built 
approach which uses more scalable mechanisms for storage and information exchange between the HoH and LHs. 
At the same time, the core of a LH remains the original RHACM hub.  
An ACM hub is assumed to be able to manage about 2K MCs.

The PoC targets (only) the Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) component of RHACM. 
The goal is to demonstrate the following capabilities:

1. Demonstrate how a Policy is defined at the HoH and is then applied to MCs based on the PlacementRule. When setting the placement rules, the user refers to the (labels of) MCs without the need to consider LHs.
1. Show the Policy status on the MCs. The user can control the level of information aggregation.
1. Show list of MCs and their status.

Out Of Scope
------------

* RBAC and Authentication
* Management of Leaf Hubs

Code and Technologies
---------------------
* Main repository of Hub-of-Hubs can be found [here](https://github.com/stolostron/hub-of-hubs).
* [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) is used as HoH scalable database.
* [OpenHorizon Sync-Service](https://github.com/open-horizon/edge-sync-service) is used as transport layer.
* All git repos were developed using Go Controllers best practices as specified [here](https://github.com/stolostron/hub-of-hubs/blob/main/development.md).
