Hub-of-Hubs v0.2.0 Release Notes
================================

* Compatible with ACM v2.3. 
* Go Version 1.16

----

The following features are included in this release:


#### New design of status-transport-bridge component
* Scales to 1M MCs and 100M compliance statuses, while having potential to scale by at least another order of magnitude.
* Introduced conflation mechanism which guarantees the component performs well under load and overload.
* Database related optimizations and tuning. working with bulk updates instead of updating tables row by row, tables indices optimizations.
* Optimized data structures for data that is kept in memory. 

#### Spec Path Optimizations
* Added backoff policy in Hub-of-Hubs side to avoid overloading multiple full state bundles in cases of burst of new data.
* Added usage of k8s worker pool in the managed Hub for parallelism of deploying/deleting resources.

#### RBAC
RBAC implementation for Hub-of-Hubs resources that are stored in the database.

#### Hub-of-Hubs UX
Implemented a prototype to allow users to view in UI both Policies and MCs stored in the database.  
Partially implemented a REST api to fetch the resources from the database. This feature is integrated with Hub-of-Hubs RBAC.

#### Support for [Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) as transport layer 
Introduced delta bundles and the data model has been changed to use a hybrid mode of full state and delta state bundles.  
Hybrid mode updates is used in this version to report compliance status of policies.

#### Message Compression
Message compression is supported in both directions. current version supports `gzip` compression type.  
(it's also possible to define a `no-op` compressor to disable compression).  

#### Statistics
Added basic statistics for monitoring/analysis.

#### Enable all components to run in cluster
Current version supports running all Hub-of-Hubs components in cluster, including `Kafka` and `PostgreSQL`.

#### Database High Availability
Support for running `PostgreSQL` database in HA mode.  
Performed performance tests to ensure there is no performance degradation.

#### Status Aggregation
Managed Hubs can be configured via Hub-of-Hubs to report only aggregated status of their resources.  
Current version supports only two levels of aggregation - full/minimal.

#### Local Policies
Local policies and placement rules that are created in the managed Hubs are reported to Hub-of-Hubs and stored in the database.  
In current version, it's possible to view these policies only in database.

#### Heartbeats
Heartbeats of managed Hubs are sent to the Hub-of-Hubs to ensure liveness of the managed Hubs.

#### Enable different periodic sync interval for different bundles
Introduced the option to define different sync intervals for different bundles in the managed Hubs.  
This feature may be used to distinguish between high and low priority updates.

#### Bundle Version
Introduced the use of incarnation as part of the bundle version. every time a managed Hub agent is restarted 
(may happen due to a failure), incarnation is increased. This may be used to determine whether a given bundle is newer 
than a different bundle.

#### Deployment Automation Scripts
Automation scripts to deploy Hub-of-Hubs and Hub-of-Hubs agent on the managed Hubs.

#### Bugs Fix
Fixed issues that were found in all repos.
