Hub-of-Hubs v0.3.0 Release Notes
================================

* Compatible with ACM v2.4. 
* Go Version 1.17

----
In this document we refer to the central management hub as `Hub-of-Hubs` or `HoH`, and to the connected hubs as 
`Hubs`(also referred to as `Leaf Hubs` or `LHs`).

The following features are included in this release:

### New design of status-transport-bridge component
* Scales to 1M MCs and status from a total of 100M policies across all 1M MCs, while having potential to scale by at 
least another order of magnitude.
* Introduced conflation mechanism which guarantees the component performs well under load and overload.
* Database related optimizations and tuning. working with bulk updates instead of updating tables row by row, tables indices optimizations.
* Optimized data structures for data that is kept in memory. 

### Spec Path Optimizations
* Introduced a self-adjusting mechanism for efficient frequency of spec updates from the Hub-of-Hubs to the Hubs.
* Added usage of k8s worker pool in the Hubs for parallelism of deploying/deleting resources that are received 
from the Hub-of-Hubs.

### RBAC
RBAC implementation for Hub-of-Hubs resources that are stored in the HoH database.

### Hub-of-Hubs UX
Implemented a prototype to allow users to view in UI both Policies and MCs stored in the HoH database.  
Partially implemented a REST api to fetch the resources from the database. This feature is integrated with HoH RBAC.

### Support for [Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/) as transport layer 
Introduced delta bundles and the data model has been changed to use a hybrid mode of full state and delta state bundles.  
Hybrid mode updates is used in this version to report compliance status of policies.

### Message Compression
Message compression is supported in both directions. current version supports `gzip` compression type.  
(it's also possible to define a `no-op` compressor to disable compression).  

### Statistics
Added basic statistics in HoH for monitoring/analysis.

### Enable all components to run in cluster
Current version supports running all Hub-of-Hubs components in cluster, including `Kafka` and `PostgreSQL`.

### Database High Availability
Support for running `PostgreSQL` database in HA mode.  
Performed performance tests to ensure there is no performance degradation.

### Status Aggregation
Hubs can be configured via Hub-of-Hubs to report only aggregated status of their resources.  
This version supports only two levels of aggregation - full/minimal.

### Local Policies
Local policies and placement rules that are created in the Hubs are reported to the Hub-of-Hubs and stored in the database.  
In this version, it's possible to view local policies and placement rules only in the database.

### Heartbeats
Heartbeats of the Hubs are sent to the Hub-of-Hubs to ensure liveness of the Hubs.

### Enable different periodic sync interval for different bundles
Introduced the option to define different sync intervals for different bundles in the Hubs.  
This feature may be used to distinguish between high and low priority updates.

### Bundle Version
Introduced the use of incarnation as part of the bundle version. every time the HoH Agent is restarted in the Hub 
(may happen due to a failure), incarnation is increased. This may be used to determine whether a given bundle is newer 
than a different bundle.

### Deployment Automation Scripts
Automation scripts to deploy Hub-of-Hubs and Hub-of-Hubs Agent on the Hubs.

### Bugs Fix
Fixed issues that were found in all repos.
