Hub-of-Hubs v0.4.0 Release Notes
================================

* Compatible with ACM v2.5 (except for UI). 
* Go Version 1.17

----
In this document we refer to the central management hub as `Hub-of-Hubs` or `HoH`, and to the connected hubs as 
`Hubs`(also referred to as `Leaf Hubs` or `LHs`). we will also refer to `Managed Clusters` as `MCs`.

The following features are included in this release:

### Application Lifecycle Management support
* Users can now create Applications/Subscriptions/Channels for the MCs through HoH.
* Status of Subscription/SubscriptionReport/SubscriptionStatus is reported back from LHs to HoH.

### ManagedClusterSet, ManagedClusterSetBinding, Placement
* Added support for the new capabilites provided by using ManagedClusterSet, ManagedClusterSetBinding and Placement resources.
* ManagedClusterSet can spread across different LHs and contain MCs from different LHs.
* Placement can be used for App LCM and for GRC policies.

### Label Management
* It's now possible to edit labels of MCs directly from HoH.

### Management of LHs
* Added management capabilities of LHs through HoH.
* HoH user can deploy GRC policies not only to MCs, but also to LHs.

### Deployment Model
* Changed existing deployment model.
* Automation scripts to deploy Hub-of-Hubs.
* HoH agent is deployed on LHs automatically as part of import process.

### Enhancements & Big Fix
* Enhanced policies status to include more information in the HoH side.
* Enhanced UI to include `Global View` that presents MCs information and `Hub view` that contains LHs information.
* Fixed issues that were found in all repos.

